Add tip boxes related to selectively adding CApps to service catalog (#5177)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/tutorials/integration-tutorials/service-catalog-tutorial.md

Package the artifacts in your composite exporter module to be able to deploy the artifacts in the server.

1. Open the `pom.xml` file of the **ServiceCatalogSampleCompositeExporter** module.
2. Ensure that the following artifacts are selected in the POM file.

    - `HealthcareAPI`
    - `QueryDoctorEP`

> 3. By Default, `Publish to Service Catalog` check box is enabled. If not, please enable the check box in the wizard so that it will include Metadata files of the selected artifacts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. By default, the `Publish to Service Catalog` checkbox is enabled. If not, please enable the checkbox in the wizard so that it will include metadata files of the selected artifacts. 
```

> 3. By default, the `Publish to Service Catalog` checkbox is enabled. If not, please enable the checkbox in the wizard so that it will include metadata files of the selected artifacts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. By default, the `Publish to Service Catalog` checkbox is enabled. If not, select the checkbox in the wizard so that it will include metadata files of the selected artifacts. 
```

> 3. By default, the `Publish to Service Catalog` checkbox is enabled. If not, please enable the checkbox in the wizard so that it will include metadata files of the selected artifacts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. By default, the `Publish to Service Catalog` checkbox is enabled. If not, select the checkbox in the wizard so that it will include metadata files of the selected artifacts. 
```
